oh hello John I know your folks have
been having some technical difficulties
today I feel bad about that but it
certainly nevertheless quite an honor to
be able to speak tonight to such a
well-informed and curious audience I
hope that what I could say in the next
couple of minutes make something of a
difference I would like to talk today
about the impact of the Federal Bureau
of Narcotics what I'll call the FBN how
what the f BN played in some of the
events surrounding the assassination of
JFK and I'd like to suggest and trying
to show how it might have been possible
that an assassin might have moved in and
out of position in Dallas as part of a
drug smuggling network that was
protected to some extent by the CIA and
certain winning fbn agents and I'd also
like to raise the possibility that an
assassin that the assassin could have
been a double agent who had penetrated
one of the protected networks that made
its way into Dallas so let me begin by
pointing out that spies and drug
smugglers and federal narcotic agents
have one thing in common that's very
important they all assumed false
identities to smuggle illegal items
across borders and they are also experts
at avoiding and corrupting police and
security officers so and and I'd like to
give you a little relevant history just
to set the stage for what I'm going to
say in America spies and drug smugglers
I've worked together as a matter of
official but unstated policy since World
War two when the military hired mafioso
all around the country to ferret out
Nazi saboteurs along the coastline as
well as to prevent labor strikes along
the water for
Meyer Lansky and Lucky Luciano made the
deal with the military and later in the
war the Mafia worked with u.s.
intelligence in Italy in France and just
about every other place around the world
criminology professor Allen block who
some of you may be familiar with has
asserted that this so-called Luciano
project marked a turning point in
American political history at which
professional criminals continued to ply
their trade but for new patrons and
those new patrons were America's master
spies people like Conor CIA
counterintelligence Chief James Angleton
so this is a very big deal but keep in
mind that the drug smugglers and that
drug smugglers and assassins in the
underworld may also be double agents
working for enemy intelligence services
and and Angleton certainly always
considered this so I believe and I'll
try to show why some of the secrecy
surrounding the JFK assassination has a
lot to do with covering of this unholy
alliance between America's top drug
smugglers politicians and spies and I'll
I'll give you some some more history
that's relevant to events in Dallas and
why I feel this way ok US government
protection of drug traffickers began
long before the CIA existed started in
1926 the government secretly protected
the drug trafficking Chinese
nationalists because of course the
Nationalists were fighting the Communist
Chinese and America always supports
anybody who's fighting the Communists in
the 1930s and 40s several a very
important fbn agents knew that the
Chinese nationalists that their heroin
was entering the u.s. through ports and
Galveston and Tampa New Orleans San
Francisco and New York as well as
Overland
from Mexico into Texas but for many
reasons they just stood back and watched
more reasons than I can get it to now
the Mafia got involved in this Chinese
nationalists protected drug network in
1939 just a little bit before the
Luciano project started up when Meyer
Lansky sent his confidential agent
Virginia Hill to Mexico where she
famously seduced a number of top Mexican
politicians army officers diplomats and
police officials him and brought them
into this mafia drug Network Virginia
Hill bought a nightclub in Nuevo Laredo
and started smuggling heroin into Texas
with a woman named dr. Margaret Chung
very important dr. Chung was a member of
the drug smuggling hip st. Tom which was
pretty much that outlet for Chinese
nationalists heroin in the United States
and she was also the attending physician
to the Flying Tigers which was the
private airline did the government form
to fly supplies to the Chinese
nationalists okay so the Flying Tigers
were the parent of the CIA's drug
smuggling airline Air America which JFK
had a lot of problems with and by 1950
the CIA was underwriting both the
chinese nationalist drug smugglers as
well as working with the drug smuggling
Mexican intelligence service the DFS
which Professor Peter Dale Scott has
written a lot about recently
okay so Witten fbn agents knew that dr.
Chung was trafficking in San Francisco
New Orleans New York and Chicago and
they kept they watched her for years but
they never made an arrest
they looked away not only because the
Nationalists were fighting the
Communists but because by the 1950s
federal and local police forces were
allowing the Mafia
to distribute drugs to the black black
community in the United States for
purposes of political repression so you
have to always remember the war on drugs
is an instrument of political repression
just like the assassination of John
Kennedy can be seen in the context of
that of political repression as well and
the assassins who serve the elite the
national security leader on the country
as instruments of political repression
these assassins are often bred in that
dark corner of the underworld where
spies and drug smugglers mingle and I'll
tell you a little bit about that this is
where it gets more relevant through the
1950s and 1960s a few winning fbn agents
naturally assumed a central role as
intermediaries between the CIA and the
drug smuggling underworld assassins one
of these fbn agents with Charlie
Siragusa and in 1960 when CIA officer
bill Harvey was looking for someone
later codenamed QJ Winn to recruit
assassins from the CIA fbn agent charlie
Siragusa
appeared at the top of bill Harvey's
list Siragusa was an expert on Corsican
and Sicilian assassins and course kids
were recommended Harvey said because
Sicilians could lead to the Mafia which
again brings us back to the the
connections the CIA had with the Mafia
through the Luciano program project why
would the CIA want to hire Corsicans
in order to protect the drug smuggling
mafioso in its employ that's the
question that that rises from Harvey
wanting course against and of course the
I the the answer that comes to mind is
that the CIA was planning assassinations
at the United States and Corsican x'
would be less likely to be tracked back
to the CIA the mafioso
okay so the person chosen for the QJ
wind job was a drug smuggler QJ wind
being that the recruiter of Assassins
and the person chosen for that QJ wind
job was a drug smuggler who worked for
the FBN in Luxembourg in the 1950s in
1962 the CIA quashed drug smuggling
charges brought against this guy QJ went
so he would be free to arrange the
assassination of Patrice Lumumba so the
CIA by 1962 is using drug smugglers
brought to his attention by the FBN in
political assassinations give you
another example of how this works there
is evidence to indicate that Harold
Meltzer a big-time drug smuggler and a
major player in the protected Mexican
drug network I mentioned above was
probably very likely another space ass
and the CIA tried to recruit through the
FBM back in the nineteen forties the FBI
knew that Meltzer traveled regularly
between Mexico City Cuba and Hong Kong
and in 1951 FBI agents arrested him and
set him to prison after he got out of
prison
Meltzer settled in Los Angeles and in
November 1960 someone almost certainly
FBN agent George white who some of you
are probably familiar with put Meltzer
in touch with Johnny Roselli and in
December 1960 the CIA through Rosalee
asked Meltzer to join an assassination
team so again another example of the CIA
actually using the FBI using fbn agents
to reach out to assassins for some kind
of work that nobody I'm sure knows all
the assassinations that they they
conducted but the facts are they're like
they're doing this okay now it's also
[Music]
significant in terms of the Kennedy
assassination that fbn agents George
white and Charlie Siragusa both provided
cover for the CIA's MKULTRA drug testing
program which had as one of its aims
creating push-button assassins who had
possessed no memory of their deeds in
the summer of 1960 the CIA directed fbn
agent charlie Siragusa to open an
MKULTRA safe house in New York City and
soon after that they asked him to
recruit an assassination squad this is
documented fact the CIA was offering a
million dollars per hit the CIA also
asked fbn agent Siragusa to set up a
detective agency as a front for illegal
CIA operations in america Siragusa
center refused to do either of these
things and that may be true but
certainly other people people like guy
Bannister for example were certainly
willing to play along I don't know that
Bannister did exactly but he seems to me
like a person that would have I should
also note that the CIA used the zone fbn
safe houses to get politicians high on
drugs and fill them with prostitutes
some who were probably intelligence
agents and a person like Ellen Robb's
that comes to mind and the CIA also use
these MKULTRA safe houses to accommodate
its drug smuggling assets from around
the world from the Far East from Burma
Corsicans
a lot these are places where drug
smugglers can can stay for free without
anybody knowing they're in the country
okay so by 1960 unwitting fb8 unwitting
FBI agents agents who were working for
the CIA we're increasingly making cases
on Corsican
linked to the French intelligence
service a dick and its rival the secret
army organization the OAS as well as the
CIA this two leads up to two Dallas a
little known fact is that one course
again the FBN arrested in 1960 named
labor leader irving brown as an
accomplice the unwitting FBI agents
found in their investigation that Brown
was a CIA agent and that he had port
privileges in New York meaning that his
baggage was never checked by customs and
they also found out that he frequently
traveled with a Corsican drug smuggler
smuggler named Maurice castellani the
CIA notably shut down the FBI ends
investigation of CIA agent Brown and
castellani who he was traveling with
they certainly knew everything that was
going on with these people then in 1962
unwitting FBI agents those not working
for CIA arrested castelln EES partner a
Corsican smuggler named Francois Scalia
but Scalia is controller in this
operation
a Frenchman using the alias jean moran
escaped and i can't get into all the
details but he never should have it's
almost as if he was allowed to escape I
believe through years and years of
researching all this that John Moran
very likely was Michel Victor Mertz
a sadecki agent who managed a heroin
network between France and New York with
Santo Trafficante jr. as you all know
the CIA in 1960 hired trafficante to
assassinate Castro using MKULTRA
technology in part developed by fbn
agents working for the CIA and once
traffic auntie who was the
probably the biggest drug smuggler in
the United States went to work for the
CIA his drug network was protected and
that protection evidently carried over
to Michelle Victor Mertz as it also did
to Aaron Brown and Maurice Castellani
this protected traffic on Team Mertz
Network drug smuggling network reached
Dallas through traffic on tees courier
Benny individual again this is a
documented fact so the question becomes
could or did the CIA use one of its
protected drug networks to infiltrate an
assassin into Dallas the system was set
up
we know there's protected Jordan
networks we know it hires assassins who
are drug smugglers and they are there so
they could have done it and it's also
possible that a drug smuggler a
professional drug trafficker an assassin
like Mertz could have infiltrated the
CIA's protected drug trafficking
networks and use the opportunity to
carry out an assassination in other
words the CIA could have been tricked at
its own game he's home getting some of
you or all of you may know Michele Mertz
emerged as a suspect
in the assassination in 1964 when the
French S asked the FBI to investigate
reports that OAS terrorist jean sweat ro
wasn't Dallas on November 22nd and had
been expelled by the i ns that very same
day sweat rule was questioned and denied
the charge and said that Mertz off the
deck agent who had infiltrated the OSS
was impersonating him the AI NS agents
description somewhat fit Mertz but no
one ever compared that description to
any photographs every on had of the
mystery man from 1962 J Moran Moran
nor was it compared to any photographs
the FBN may have had of sweat from who
allegedly was a drug trafficker well as
well and had been filed for years by it
the FBN and Marseille the CIA was
certainly monitoring both sweatshirt and
Mertz so it would be impossible for them
especially counterintelligence chief J
James Hamilton to confuse the two it's
his job to know who these people are and
what they're doing but if as has been
alleged Angleton was a Soviet or a
Mossad Moll
he could have moved an assassin into
Dallas using the brown castellani
Network I mentioned or the overland
route that had been established in 1939
the nationalist Chinese one that moved
from Mexico went to Texas overland or he
could have used the Mertz traffic convey
into big Leo route into Dallas all these
things are possible and through MKULTRA
angleton the central figure in all this
could have used Jack Ruby to assassinate
the designated Patsy Lee Harvey Oswald
and here again Witten fbn agents who are
virtually absent from any investigation
that anybody ever did into the
assassination these f BN agents
potentially play a critical role they
work for the CIA protecting its drug
smugglers recruiting its assassins and
staffing it's MKULTRA safehouses
the usual suspects are George white and
Charlie Siragusa both were involved in
the Luciano project and worked for the
CIA
both were assassination experts and both
knew Angleton white notably and this is
just a little more history Matt Santo
Trafficante senior in September 1945 and
right after that meeting traffic on T
acquired total control of the Cuba
to Tampa drug connection and in 93 weeks
after that Manning George white became
the FBN supervisor in Chicago where at
the same time guy Bannister was a senior
FBI agent in 1946 in Chicago fbn agent
George white obtained none other than
Jack Ruby as an informant okay the
Chicago mob sent Ruby to Dallas in 1947
and in 1950 in 1950 through fbn agent
white Jack Ruby briefed the Kefauver
committee about organized crime in
Chicago on the one condition that the
committee stay away from Dallas and the
committee went along with that and I
believe that white and all the committee
members agreed to stay out of Dallas to
protect the CIA nationalist Chinese
mafia drug operation out of Mexico into
Texas fr8 Oh Ruby and again this is
documented in fact was a small part of
this protected drug route and by 1958
the FBN the part of it that's not
connected with the CIA had a stab is
that established at Ruby's boss Joe
Sevilla ran the heroin business in
Dallas in 1958 the FBN linked Civello to
traffic Conti and described Civello as
Carlos Marcello's deputy and Dallas and
yet the Warren Commission found no
significant link between Ruby and
organized crime again I believe at least
partially to deflect attention from the
CIS connection to all the drug smuggling
that was going on again this is why the
FBN the bureau of narcotics is like the
one element that never gets brought up
in the assassination nobody wanted it to
track back to the CIA protected drug
routes and assassins and all that stuff
obviously there were compartments within
the FBI
for example Marie Brown the FBN
supervisor in Dallas on November 22nd
1963 said to me that he knew nothing
about the Mafia in in Dallas and he
insisted to me that ruby was not an FBI
informant okay but fbn headquarters in
Washington had a file on route which
Secret Service chief James Riley
requested on November 25th 1963 Ruby's
file was given to Raleigh but he never
returned
likewise the file on Jack Ruby in the
New York office went missing after the
assassination and again I believe in
both cases it's because ruby was George
White's secret informant but in White's
capacity as a CIA agent non-us enough BN
agent the one thing that I think is miss
most important about this is I
interviewed an old FBI agent who later
became a DEA inspector named Richard
Solomon and 1978 saw me was part of a
joint CIA DEA investigation of MKULTRA
Tommy told me that he found evidence
that George White had used Ruby to kill
Oswald and I wrote this about I wrote
about this in my latest book
Saamy said that he was told by his CIA
bosses on this victims task force not to
tell senator ted kennedy about his
findings senator kennedy had generated
this victim's task force investigation
into MKULTRA smi told me that he had
also found evidence that JFK had used
the New York MKULTRA safehouse to
compromise his political enemies and
that that is why senator Kennedy agreed
to Center his report which is not part
of obviously the the uncensored part is
not a part of the official record and as
far as I know
Saamy never told this to anyone
I can't prove it but it did tell me
another little-known fact about the FBM
right after the assassination Mexican
officials intercepted a call to Havana
from the Cuban embassy in Mexico City
the Cubans were allegedly claiming
credit for the JFK assassination but
instead of telling the FBI or the CIA
they told the FBN agent in charge of
Mexico City a guy named William Derka
Derka : FB n headquarters in Washington
which relayed this particular piece of
information to against Secret Service
chief Rowley at which point the theory
that castro had arranged the JFK
assassination began to emerge its own as
a viable alternative to the lone nut'
theory you folks are all know much more
about this and I do there may have been
other reports coming in about this but
it did come in through the FBN as well
so there were lots of dots to connect
that connect the FB ends of the
assassination of John Kennedy and the
last one the one last thing I would like
to say is that before closing so I'd
like to remind you that Rosharon e
predicted JFK was going to be killed she
was a Cheramie was a drug addict and a
prostitute working in for Ruby I believe
and she heard of this assassination plot
while she was traveling from Florida
with two men who were Italians or
resembled Italians the men were taking
her to Dallas to obtain money to buy
heroin from a seaman the seaman was to
meet them in Euston after disembarking
in Galveston the customs agent in
Galveston verified that the seaman was
being investigated for drug smuggling
and the Coast Guard confirmed that it
was interested in the ship but the
seaman like Moran in 1962 got away
when asked by the House Select Committee
on assassinations customs officials said
that neither the agent nor his reports
could be found you may not know this but
in 1963 November of 1963 approximately
20 CIA officers were in Texas and
Florida operating under customs cover as
part of a special unit organized in
Houston to penetrate anti-castro
terrorist groups in the United States
any one of these 20 CIA agents posing as
customs officials could have facilitated
the movements of the seaman with or
without really realizing that the seaman
may have been an assassin so that's yet
another potential drug connected route
that an assassin could have used to get
into the country and that takes up all
of my time before I even can even touch
on the army of CIA protected acumen drug
traffickers associated with the
assassination people like Rolando piu
bella Traficante associate who enjoy
diplomatic immunity and could travel
without his luggage being checked Khun
Ella traveled between Spain France
Mexico Paris in New York all major
transports transit points in the illicit
drug trade and again a lot of you
probably know on November 21st 1963 in
Paris CIA official deserts Gerald who
replaced Harvey and a goombella
and MKULTRA pen loaded with poison a
pendant had been tested in San Francisco
by FBI agent George white and was rigged
with a hypodermic needle designed
specifically for assassinations so
there's just a lot of it going on a lot
of connections between the FBM and
assassinations and I believe the
assassination of John Fitzgerald Kennedy
so if any of you have any questions I'm
probably a lot to digest but on here
I'm glad to answer them time we can do I
could take one quick but they are
already running over okay nobody's got
their hand up thank you so much
okay John thanks a lot